Fix Duplicate HubSpot Step (#310)
gravityflow/gravityflow: change_log.txt

- Fixed an issue where the report data for assignees by month is incorrect.
- Fixed an issue where the Discussion Field view more/less effect would not operate on the Form > Entries screen (both view and edit).
- Fixed an issue where the scripts and styles are not enqueued when using the shortcode or block in a reusable block.

> - Fixed an issue of duplicacy on Workflow steps with Gravity Forms Hub Spot Add-on and third party Hub Spot Add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue of duplicate Workflow steps for the Gravity Forms HubSpot Add-on and third-party HubSpot Add-on. IMPORTANT: check that your HubSpot workflow steps are correct after updating to this version.
```
